# Social-Relationship-Recommender
   Social platforms play a vital role in online communication, content sharing, and other business applications. They collect huge amounts of data regularly from their users. Data collected from users is reused to recommend their applications to the users. Recommender systems have several applications such as product recommendation, human recommendation, place recommendation, job recommendation, etc. Social media uses various methods for recommending friends to a user, Facebook - uses collaborative filtering which makes use of the data set made of more than a billion users and 100 billion user ratings. Instagram - recommends friends based on attributes such as keywords, hashtags, like, comment, share which reflect the user interest in certain topics and posts. Twitter - recommends users based on the accounts they follow, retweets and favorite tweets. 
      
   The main objective of this paper is to recommend followers on Twitter by analyzing hashtags and tags in the user tweets data. The dataset is taken from Twitter developer API with groups of accounts and users, tweets and replies using developer tokens of Twitter. The system is developed in two phases, i.e. In phase 1 we are loading the user and their attributes into a data frame for the calculation similarity matrix using Pearson’s correlation and in the next step we finding the nearest neighbors for each user and recommending the users whom to follow. In phase-2. Once we recommend the users whom to follow, we evaluate our recommendation based on the concept of Reinforcement Learning, where the not so important features are extracted and assigned less weightage.
